fix: add deployment issues section (#66)
SAP-samples/fiori-tools-samples: cap/cap-fiori-hybrid/changes.md

}
```

## Step 3: Update xs-security.json

> Append support for the different OAuth endpoints, for local development with VSCode, Business Application Studio and SAP BTP Cloud Foundry;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append support for the different OAuth endpoints, for local development with Visual Studio Code, SAP Business Application Studio and SAP BTP Cloud Foundry:
```
